Update rdm-smp chapter (#4629)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/rdm/rdm-smp.md

(rr-rdm-smp-tools)=
## SMP tools

> - [SMP decision tree](https://smp.research.software/) is SMP decision tree is a questionnaire based tool for creating a Software Management Plan (SMP).
> It asks the user a series of questions about the purpose of your software and recommends a SMP template that fits your needs.
> - [Research Software Sharing, Publication, & Distribution Checklists(RSSPDC)](https://rsspdc.org/) is provides checklists (in Markdown format) of practices to adopt into your research software project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SMP decision tree](https://smp.research.software/) is a questionnaire-based tool for creating an SMP.
  It asks the user a series of questions about the purpose of your software and recommends a SMP template that fits your needs.
- [Research Software Sharing, Publication, & Distribution Checklists (RSSPDC)](https://rsspdc.org/) provides checklists (in Markdown format) of practices to adopt into your research software project.
```

Reviewer: Fixing some typos and correcting the list formatting here.
